README.md, before:

# Love Recipes

<img width="379" alt="love-recipes-logo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22393641/223698475-c82ffc39-5999-4851-bf2b-fcdfe118b4c4.png">

At Love Recipes we love recipes :heart:

Store your favourite recipes with ease and import recipes from websites.

## Features

- Create/Edit recipes
- Import recipes from simplyrecipes.com

## Tech Stack

### Back-end

- Express JS
- PostgreSQL with Prisma
- Puppeteer

### Front-end

- React (with Vite)
- Tailwind CSS with Daisy UI

## Development

### Getting started

- From `/` run `npm run install-all-deps` to install all dependecies
- Create `/server/.env` file using `/server/.env-example`
- Start: From `/` run dev environment: `npm run dev`
- Database UI: From `/` run `npm run db-ui`

### Linting

While linting is not required, it is appreciated :wink:

Please abide by linting rules set in `server/eslintrc.json` and `client/eslintrc.json`.

- Run `eslint` in `/server` or `/client` to test

### Git

- Commit with [Commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/)

Commit message:

ci: add .env-example client/

README.md, after:

# Love Recipes

![loverecipeslogo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22393641/223698475-c82ffc39-5999-4851-bf2b-fcdfe118b4c4.png)

At Love Recipes we love recipes :heart:

Store your favourite recipes with ease and import recipes from websites.

## Features

- Create/Edit recipes
- Import recipes from simplyrecipes.com

## Tech Stack

### Back-end

- Express JS
- PostgreSQL with Prisma
- Puppeteer

### Front-end

- React (with Vite)
- Tailwind CSS with Daisy UI

## Development

### Getting started

- From `/` run `npm run install-all-deps` to install all dependecies
- Create `.env` files in `/server` and `/client` (see examples `.env-example`)
- Start: From `/` run dev environment: `npm run dev`
- Database UI: From `/` run `npm run db-ui`

### Linting

While linting is not required, it is appreciated :wink:

Please abide by linting rules set in `server/eslintrc.json` and `client/eslintrc.json`.

- Run `eslint` in `/server` or `/client` to test

### Git

- Commit with [Commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/)
